statistics: update the note for sampling rate (#17744) (#17751)
pingcap/docs: statistics.md

>
> The current sampling rate is calculated based on an adaptive algorithm. When you can observe the number of rows in a table using [`SHOW STATS_META`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-show-stats-meta.md), you can use this number of rows to calculate the sampling rate corresponding to 100,000 rows. If you cannot observe this number, you can use the `TABLE_KEYS` column in the [`TABLE_STORAGE_STATS`](/information-schema/information-schema-table-storage-stats.md) table as another reference to calculate the sampling rate.
>

> > Normally, `STATS_META` is more credible than `TABLE_KEYS`. However, after importing data through the methods like [TiDB Lightning physical import mode](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode.md), the result of `STATS_META` is `0`. To handle this situation, you can use `TABLE_KEYS` to calculate the sampling rate when the result of `STATS_META` is much smaller than the result of `TABLE_KEYS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Normally, `STATS_META` is more credible than `TABLE_KEYS`. However, after importing data through the methods like [TiDB Lightning local-backend](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-backends.md#tidb-lightning-local-backend), the result of `STATS_META` is `0`. To handle this situation, you can use `TABLE_KEYS` to calculate the sampling rate when the result of `STATS_META` is much smaller than the result of `TABLE_KEYS`.
```
